README.md, before:

# SA_agro_model
Sensitivity analysis of agro-model with Sobol' method .  
Here we present our results in folders results_csv and result_plots . 
![Scheme_of_crop_rotation](https://github.com/mishagrol/SA_agro_model/blob/master/Crop_rotaion.png)  

Table of soil parameters for SA  

| Parameter        | Description           | Unit      |Minimum     | Maximum     |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|
| SOC | Soil organic carbon | `%`| $2.58 | $6.20 |
| Sand | Soil sand content | `kg*kg^-1`| **0.01** | **0.30** |
| Clay | Soil clay fraction | `kg*kg^-1`| **0.01** | **0.30** |
| pH | Soil pH value  | - | **4.6** | **6.9** |
| CN | Soil carbon:nitrogen ratio | - | **10.9** | **12.4** |
| BD | Soil bulk density | `kg*m^-3`| **900.0** | **1350.0** |  

How to start (example with one core):  
1) Install [MONICA](https://github.com/zalf-rpm/monica/wiki/How-to-compile-MONICA-(Linux)) model  
or use Docker (docker pull mishagasanov/monica-beta)  

2) Install SAlib for sensitivity analysis [SALib](http://SALib.github.io/SALib/)
  
3) Clone directory and run shell script  

`git clone https://github.com/mishagrol/SA_agro_model.git`  
`cd SA_agro_model/Sobol_SA_topsoil/N_100`  
`sh monica.sh`  

The scheme of acceleration of model calculation . 
![Scheme_of_HPC](https://github.com/mishagrol/SA_agro_model/blob/master/HPC_crop_rotation.png)

Commit message:

update soil parameters(fix typo)

README.md, after:

# SA_agro_model
Sensitivity analysis of agro-model with Sobol' method .  
Here we present our results in folders results_csv and result_plots . 
![Scheme_of_crop_rotation](https://github.com/mishagrol/SA_agro_model/blob/master/Crop_rotaion.png)  

Table of soil parameters for SA  

| Parameter        | Description           | Unit      |Minimum     | Maximum     |
|:-------------:|:-------------:| :-------------:|:-------------:|:-------------:|
| SOC | Soil organic carbon | `%`| **2.58** | **6.20** |
| Sand | Soil sand content | `kg*kg^-1`| **0.01** | **0.30** |
| Clay | Soil clay fraction | `kg*kg^-1`| **0.01** | **0.30** |
| pH | Soil pH value  | - | **4.6** | **6.9** |
| CN | Soil carbon:nitrogen ratio | - | **10.9** | **12.4** |
| BD | Soil bulk density | `kg*m^-3`| **900.0** | **1350.0** |  

How to start (example with one core):  
1) Install [MONICA](https://github.com/zalf-rpm/monica/wiki/How-to-compile-MONICA-(Linux)) model  
or use Docker (docker pull mishagasanov/monica-beta)  

2) Install SAlib for sensitivity analysis [SALib](http://SALib.github.io/SALib/)

3) Add `PATH` to monica-parameters to your path

`export PATH=/path/to/zalf-rpm/monica-parameters/:$PWD`

4) Clone directory and 

`git clone https://github.com/mishagrol/SA_agro_model.git`  
`cd SA_agro_model/Sobol_SA_topsoil/N_100`  

5) Run shell script    
`sh monica.sh`  

The scheme of acceleration of model calculation . 
![Scheme_of_HPC](https://github.com/mishagrol/SA_agro_model/blob/master/HPC_crop_rotation.png)
